urn:nasa:pds:context:target:asteroid.2685_masursky          Masursky                    Asteroid
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibration_field.dark          Dark                        Calibration Field
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibration_field.dark_sky      Dark Sky                    Calibration Field
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibration_field.scat_light    Scat Light                  Calibration Field
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibration_field.sky           Sky                         Calibration Field
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibration_field.star          Star                        Calibration Field
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibrator.cal_lamps            Cal Lamps                   Calibrator
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibrator.checkout             Checkout                    Calibrator
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibrator.test_image           Test Image                  Calibrator
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:calibrator.unk                  Unknown                     Calibrator
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:dust.dust                       Dust                        Dust
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:dwarf_planet.134340_pluto       (134340) Pluto              Dwarf Planet
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:equipment.probe                 Probe                       Equipment
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:planet.earth                    Earth                       Planet
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:planet.jupiter                  Jupiter                     Planet
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:planet.saturn                   Saturn                      Planet
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:planet.venus                    Venus                       Planet
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:ring.saturn_rings               Saturn Rings                Ring
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.earth.moon            Moon                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.jupiter.callisto      Callisto                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.jupiter.europa        Europa                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.jupiter.ganymede      Ganymede                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.jupiter.himalia       Himalia                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.jupiter.io            Io                          Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.aegaeon        Aegaeon                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.albiorix       Albiorix                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.anthe          Anthe                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.atlas          Atlas                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.bebhionn       Bebhionn                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.bergelmir      Bergelmir                   Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.bestla         Bestla                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.calypso        Calypso                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.daphnis        Daphnis                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.dione          Dione                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.enceladus      Enceladus                   Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.epimetheus     Epimetheus                  Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.erriapus       Erriapus                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.fornjot        Fornjot                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.greip          Greip                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.hati           Hati                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.helene         Helene                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.hyperion       Hyperion                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.hyrrokkin      Hyrrokkin                   Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.iapetus        Iapetus                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.ijiraq         Ijiraq                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.janus          Janus                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.jarnsaxa       Jarnsaxa                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.kari           Kari                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.kiviuq         Kiviuq                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.loge           Loge                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.methone        Methone                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.mimas          Mimas                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.mundilfari     Mundilfari                  Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.narvi          Narvi                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.paaliaq        Paaliaq                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.pallene        Pallene                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.pan            Pan                         Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.pandora        Pandora                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.phoebe         Phoebe                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.polydeuces     Polydeuces                  Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.prometheus     Prometheus                  Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.rhea           Rhea                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.s2004s12       S/2004 S 12                 Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.s2004s13       S/2004 S 13                 Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.siarnaq        Siarnaq                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.skathi         Skathi                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.skoll          Skoll                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.surtur         Surtur                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.suttungr       Suttungr                    Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.tarqeq         Tarqeq                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.tarvos         Tarvos                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.telesto        Telesto                     Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.tethys         Tethys                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.thrymr         Thrymr                      Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.titan          Titan                       Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:satellite.saturn.ymir           Ymir                        Satellite
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star_cluster.pleiades           Pleiades                    Star Cluster
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.2_cen                      2 Centauri                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.26_tau                     26 Tauri                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.3_cen                      3 Centauri                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.30_her                     30 Herculis                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.30_psc                     30 Piscium                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.56_leo                     56 Leonis                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.78_tau                     78 Tauri                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_ara                    Alpha Arae                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_aur                    Capella                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_boo                    Arcturus                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_car                    Canopus                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_cen                    Alpha Centauri              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_cet                    Alpha Ceti                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_cma                    Sirius                      Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_cmi                    Procyon                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_cru                    Alpha Crucis                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_eri                    Alpha Eridani               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_her                    Alpha Herculis              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_hya                    Alpha Hydrae                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_leo                    Regulus                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_lyr                    Vega                        Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_ori                    Betelgeuse                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_psa                    Fomalhaut                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_sco                    Antares                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_sex                    Alpha Sextantis             Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_tau                    Aldebaran                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_tra                    Alpha Trianguli Australis   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.alf_vir                    Spica                       Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_and                    Beta Andromedae             Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_cen                    Beta Centauri               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_cma                    Beta Canis Majoris          Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_cru                    Beta Crucis                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_gru                    Beta Gruis                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_lib                    Beta Librae                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_lup                    Beta Lupi                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_ori                    Beta Orionis                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_peg                    Beta Pegasi                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_per                    Algol                       Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_sgr                    Beta Sagittarii             Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.bet_umi                    Beta Ursae Minoris          Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.chi_aqr                    Chi Aquarii                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.chi_cen                    Chi Centauri                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.chi_cyg                    Chi Cygni                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.cw_leo                     CW Leonis                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_aqr                    Delta Aquarii               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_cen                    Delta Centauri              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_lup                    Delta Lupi                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_oph                    Delta Ophiuchi              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_per                    Delta Persei                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.del_vir                    Delta Virginis              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_cas                    Epsilon Cassiopeiae         Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_cen                    Epsilon Centauri            Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_lup                    Epsilon Lupi                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_mus                    Epsilon Muscae              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_ori                    Epsilon Orionis             Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eps_psa                    Epsilon Piscis Austrini     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eta_car                    Eta Carinae                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eta_lup                    Eta Lupi                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eta_sgr                    Eta Sagittarii              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.eta_uma                    Eta Ursae Majoris           Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_and                    Gamma Andromedae            Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_ara                    Gamma Arae                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_cas                    Gamma Cassiopeiae           Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_col                    Gamma Columbae              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_cru                    Gamma Crucis                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_eri                    Gamma Eridani               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_gru                    Gamma Gruis                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_lup                    Gamma Lupi                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.gam_peg                    Gamma Pegasi                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.hd_339479                  HD 339479                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.hd_71334                   HD 71334                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.hr_996                     HR 996                      Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.io_cen                     Iota Centauri               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.kap_cen                    Kappa Centauri              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.kap_ori                    Kappa Orionis               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.lam_aqr                    Lambda Aquarii              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.lam_cet                    Lambda Ceti                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.lam_sco                    Lambda Scorpii              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.lam_vel                    Lambda Velorum              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.lmc_303                    LMC 303                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.mu_cep                     Mu Cephei                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.mu_gem                     Mu Geminorum                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.mu_psa                     Mu Piscis Austrini          Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.nml_tau                    NML Tauri                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.nu_cen                     Nu Centauri                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.nu_vir                     Nu Virginis                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.ome_vir                    Omega Virginis              Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.omi_cet                    Omicron Ceti                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.pi1_gru                    Pi1 Gruis                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.psi_cen                    Psi Centauri                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_aqr                      R Aquarii                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_cas                      R Cassiopeiae               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_dor                      R Doradus                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_hya                      R Hydrae                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_leo                      R Leo                       Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.r_lyr                      R Lyrae                     Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.rho_per                    Rho Persei                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.rw_lmi                     RW Leonis Minoris           Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.rx_lep                     RX Leporis                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.s_lep                      S Leporis                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.t_cep                      T Cephei                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.tet_ara                    Theta Arae                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.tet_hya                    Theta Hydrae                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.tx_cam                     TX Camelopardalis           Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.v_hya                      V Hydrae                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.vx_sgr                     VX Sagittarii               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.w_aql                      W Aquilae                   Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.w_hya                      W Hydrae                    Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.x_oph                      X Ophiuchi                  Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.zet_cen                    Zeta Centauri               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.zet_cma                    Zeta Canis Majoris          Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.zet_oph                    Zeta Ophiuchi               Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.zet_ori                    Zeta Orionis                Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:star.zet_per                    Zeta Persei                 Star
urn:nasa:pds:context:target:sun.sun                         Sun                         Sun
